we are absolutely not alone in universe
and I know these things are real because
I was asked to investigate UFO
incursions into controlled us airspace
by the Pentagon these videos here
there's no question what you're seeing
and there's more videos like this that
you've been exposed to oh yeah but
they're classified because there's a lot
of people that don't want us talking
about this should we be worried about
this Luis alzando is a respected
intelligence officer and former head of
the pentagon's advanced Aerospace threat
identification program where he led
efforts to investigate UFO sightings and
unidentified aerial phenomena there were
real things that we were encountering
over controlled us airspace by an
unknown technology that frankly could
outperform anything that we had in our
inventory and there was a big national
security issue because there's potential
for these things to be interfering with
their nuclear equities there evidence to
suggest that they turned on the nuclear
facilities in Russia right yeah that's a
big deal but has there ever been anyone
sent to jail because they've spoken
about this subject matter worse my life
has been threatened many times taking
huge risks but I think we deserve the
truth so let's
people say that they were abducted by
aliens do you believe any of those
reports I can tell you that we
definitely have people that are now on
US Government medical disability because
they were involved in a UFO encounter
and then one of the rumors is that at
Area 51 they found UFO materials I
cannot comment what area 51 might or
might not have all I can say is that the
government is in possession of material
that doesn't look like it's made by us
do you have any theories as to why they
might be visiting here oh gosh well
where do I start you eventually resigned
why I resigned in protest because
this has always blown my mind a little
bit 53% of you that listen to the show
regularly haven't yet subscribe to the
show so could I ask you for a favor
before we start if you like the show and
you like what we do here and you want to
support us the free simple way that you
can do just that is by hitting the
Subscribe button and my commitment to
you is if you do that then I'll do
everything in my power me and my team to
make sure that this show is better for
you every single week we'll listen to
your feedback we'll find the guests that
you want me to speak to and we'll
continue to do what we do thank you so
much hello Steve who are
you wow it depends who you ask I think
to some people I'm probably
a a patriot to other
people I'm a father and a husband and to
other people I'm probably the
devil what's your professional CV what
does your professional resume say went
to college went to the University of
Miami
I studied uh microbiology immunology and
parasitology I consider myself a
disciple of uh scientific method and
scientific principles I then joined the
army uh United States Army I went in as
enlisted I had an opportunity to go in
as an officer because of my education
but uh the words of my father always
rung in the back of my head and he said
in order to be a leader you must first
know what it means to follow and so I
joined the army as an inlisted Soldier
um spent some time on deployment to
Korea spent lived a year in Asia um was
in Military Intelligence and then I was
recruited very shortly thereafter into a
special program where I became a
civilian special agent in Counter
Intelligence running
investigations um supervise
investigations throughout Latin America
South America Central America and then
um spend the rest of my time after 9911
uh over in Afghanistan in the Middle
East primarily dealing with uh terrorism
issues uh running operations against
hezb and and Isis and other other
organizations and then um after probably
several years of that my wife got very
tired of it missed too many birthdays
missed too many uh holidays and she said
you really need to come back and more
importantly I'm afraid the next time you
leave you may not come back uh we we're
losing some people over there quite a
bit and so I listened to my wife I came
back took a supervisory job ran uh in
investigations worldwide um terrorism
investigations and then from there I
went to several other three-letter
agencies I worked for the NC National
Counter Intelligence executive I worked
for the dni the Director of National
Intelligence and uh it was in 200
shortly thereafter um that I was asked
to be part of
a very interesting program in the
Pentagon um what my CV is I'm probably
uh a jack of all trades but an expert in
nothing I've done a lot of things mostly
National Security crimes terrorism
Espionage um some counter Gilla
operations counternarcotics uh counter
Insurgency uh missions you said in 200
sort of 8 2009 you were asked to come
back to the Pentagon to work on a
particular project what project was that
so well it wasn't the one that wound up
being the project everybody knows me for
so uh in 2008 they asked me to run a
program to help
integrate National level
intelligence to with law enforcement
local and state law enforcement agencies
now why is that important because and
then kind of leads to the next thing
after 9911 people think here 9911 was
was caused by by unfortunately some
terrorists doing some bad things that
was an effect that wasn't the cause the
actual cause was us here in the United
States not being able to share
information with ourselves very well we
had pockets of information at the CIA
pockets of information at the FBI
pockets of information at the Department
of Defense but we weren't sharing it
with each other and thereby there was an
information gap an intelligence Gap and
the folks 911 were able to do what they
did
unfortunately so we learned that Lesson
by trying to create um better
integration so how do you take super
secret information and get it down to a
level that can be consumed and usable
without compromising sources of methods
so that was the problem I was asked to
come back and fix
it was shortly thereafter is when I was
visited by some individuals and had some
conversations with some other
individuals about a program that I had
no idea was that was I was ongoing but
it was and it was a program involving
the investigation the government's
investigation into UAP or in the
vernacular you might call them
UFOs who approached you so there were
two individuals one of them I can talk
about the other one is identities
protected it's a gentleman named Jay
Stratton uh who at the time was another
intelligence official like me and
another one of his colleagues and they
came to me and they started asking me
questions they had a blue badge so I I
knew that they were cleared they had the
same security clearance I had we all
worked in skips and it's not uncommon
when you need expertise in a particular
portfolio or Mission that you you
Outsource you find the right people to
do this right job and so I was told they
were looking for somebody to run Counter
Intelligence and security for this
capability that they had they didn't
tell me what the capability was um
and I was a Counter Intelligence and
security guy who was an expert in it so
after several conversations um a bit of
a dance if you will you know kind of
like trying to figure each other out
they arranged for me to have a meeting
with a individual and I met uh the what
I would consider is the Premier rocket
scientist for the United States
government now when I say rocket
scientist I mean literally a rocket
scientist this is a gentleman who can
tell you the fuel consumption rate of a
first stage solid rocket motor booster
he can tell you the the orbital velocity
of a murv vehicle multiple re-entry
vehicle coming in from low or orbit I
mean the best of the best of the best he
was running a program and I still didn't
know what the program was but he said
look you know we've been doing it we've
been given a lot of money to do it right
and we're looking for somebody with me
with your skill sets and his name was Dr
James laty and the epitome of a rocket
scientist and at the end of the
conversation I remember him looking at
me over his glasses and he said to me
what do you think about
UFOs and so I thought for a moment and I
said to him I said I sir I don't and he
said well what do you mean you don't
believe in UFOs I said no I I didn't say
that you asked me what do I think of
them and my response was I don't because
I don't think about them I I'm too busy
chasing bad guys and trying to fix
problems for the government I never
really had the luxury to think about
them and he said to me okay that's fair
fair enough but let me just warn you um
don't let your analytic bias get the
best of you because you may learn things
here that will challenge any
preconceived notion or narrative that
you have about the
topic and so I left that meeting
thinking to myself is this some sort of
psychological evaluation was that a
serious question you know
or and it was very soon thereafter that
I learned the reality that the United
States government was absolutely
invested in a UFO investigative program
and more importantly that it was
legitimate like it was real there were
real things that we were encountering
over controlled us airspace over
sensitive military
installations um by an unknown
technology that frankly could outperform
anything that we had in our
inventory so that was my uh that was my
introduction to now what is known as
atip my focus was specifically more on
the nuts and bolts investigations of
these UAP incursions into controlled us
airspace encounters by military aircraft
of these things um we weren't really
focused on civilian information right we
this wasn't like a grandma seeing some
lights in the backyard these were these
were well to lack of better term Close
Encounters by trained military Pilots
trained
observers by the way who could recognize
a silhouette between an S Su 22 a MIG 25
and an F16 from 10 miles away and make a
split second decision is a friend or
Foe and what these Pilots were
encountering were also being backed up
by by gun camera footage and and Fleer
footage forward-looking infrared footage
and oh by the way that was being further
backed up by radar data Airborne data
Airborne radar data and also groundbased
radar data and seab based radar data
how'd you go from the project you were
working on into a tip because that was
the first sort of meeting right that was
like an introductory conversation so
there were several meetings before that
where they were trying to vet me see if
I had I guess the right background of
skill sets it wasn't until that meeting
with Jim laty that the word UFO was used
um and how did I how did I go about that
he's the one who made the decision it
was his program I had nothing to do with
it I just you know yeah I'll do it I
didn't even know what I was signing up
for until after my meeting with him so
did he say to you okay well we'd like
you to work on this program this AIT
program and the acronym there stands for
advanced error space threat
identification program correct um and
eventually you became the director of
that program yeah so it there was a
there was a natural evolution of it um
initially I was just they were brought
in to provide Counter Intelligence and
security uh expertise um but as that
program alsap faded away the the
necessity and urgency of some of these
incursions were were was getting to a
desperate Crescendo it was getting
really there was a lot of these
incursions happening there was a big
national security issue that that we
were all recognizing and there were
elements in the government that were
trying to kill the effort um and not for
reasons you might think believe it or
not it's completely different um and so
the decision was made to bring it up to
the Pentagon up to where I was take it
out of DIA defense intelligence agency
and with the authorities I had I was the
director of national program special
management staff and so that was my job
um I ran special access programs for for
the White House and for the National
Security Council and uh we uh we put the
program under that uh keeping it out of
the the prying eyes of some of the folks
that previously were trying to kill the
program so this program Advanced AOS
space threat identification program was
really focused on um
investigating reports and incidents of
uaps or UFOs um in military environments
so if there was a UFO UAP in a I don't
know in a military base then this
project would investigate what that was
is that is correct that's correct so it
was only military focused um it wasn't
interested in civilian data by the time
we were running it at the Pentagon it
was really looking at for example
nuclear carrier strike groups that were
encountering these things all the time
it would be for example an Air Force
Base or a navy base or uh there was a
special operations unit on a particular
Patrol and if they happen to encounter a
UAP those type of reports and I also
want to emphasize here we weren't
looking for UFOs you know we were we
were always coming into a situation with
the understanding that there's some sort
of
prosaic there's a prosaic answer to what
this is right it actually wasn't a UFO
it was a drone a test fire of a missile
it was a drone it was a balloon it was
whatever whatever because there are
certain signatures and profiles that you
can look very quickly and determine oh
that's just conventional
technology but there was a guideline
that we use that helped us understand
when something really was anomalous when
we're really we're talking about
it's not our technology and whatever
that is it's probably not adversarial or
foreign technology so now we're getting
into the real world of UAP that that's
that's anomalous what's UAP unidentified
anomalous phenomenon so let me if I can
for let me backtrack a little bit for
years and years and years the term UFO
unidentified flying object was used um
there were several reasons but later on
the term was changed to UAP and it stood
for unidentified aerial phenomenon and
that's probably in the last year year
and a half you're starting to see yet
another definition of UAP unidentified
anomalous phenomenon and there's a
reason for that happy to explain if you
want but um the decision was made to
change from UFO to UAP I read that it
was because a lot of the sort of
military personnels stopped reporting
their sightings because there was a
stigma associated with the Tam UFO
correct so it's two two reasons uh there
is stigma and taboo associated with the
term because the moment you say UFO
people think tin foil hats and you crazy
yeah Elvis on the mothership and you
know nonsense like that um but the
reality is is that this this was a real
issue a national security issue for our
nation and other nations too by the way
but also the term UFO isn't really
accurate anymore so what do I mean by
that well unidentified flying object
what is flying well flying means you
have four fundamental forces you have
thrust lift drag and weight and when you
understand that you can create wings and
create lift and that is the definition
of flying right these things didn't have
wings they didn't have Rudders elevators
control surfaces lons cockpits um and
yet somehow they were able to remain a
loft in our atmosphere so they weren't
flying technically so the name was
changed to anomalous uh I'm sorry
unidentified aerial phenomena because
they were being seen in the air but then
they realized you know what they're also
being seen underwater they're also being
seen in high altitude and possibly low
earth orbit so to say that their aerial
isn't even accurate either so then they
said okay it's unidentified anomalous
phenomenon to cover all the separate
domains or environments that these
things are being encountered in before
you had the meeting regarding this
project at the
Pentagon what did you believe about uaps
and UFOs I didn't I was never interested
even in science fiction as a kid did you
believe they were if I had asked you
there if I'd come up to you and said Are
UFOs real and I say UFOs because that's
the sort of sure social term but what
would you have said
probably not I mean I would have said
literally probably not I wouldn't say
for sure not because I didn't know what
about now oh yeah kidding me I mean yeah
it's these are well I mean don't take my
word for it our government's already
said it I mean we you have a former
Director of National Intelligence
telling the world yeah these these
things are real whatever they are you
have a former director of CIA you have a
former president of the United States um
and we've known for a long time they're
real and by the way it's not just our
country there's other countries that are
very forthcoming um there's countries in
South America that have been dealing
with this for a long time Japan just
entered into a uh bilateral information
sharing agreement with our country for
the express purposes of sharing UAP
information and data China's interested
Russia's interested in this um several
European countries have a fairly robust
capability and had have a lot of
information on this was there a moment
when your belief changed was there a
moment that you can remember where you
thought you know
what what I thought about uaps
was wrong sure um and what I often tell
people there's there's there's two types
of individuals the way that we process
this information in one category you
have people that will sit there and say
I had this Epiphany this revelatory
moment where all of us sudden it's like
oh my God they're real right are you
kidding me and then there's another
group of people which I probably fall
into that second category the latter
category which is more of a slow
progression and realization of what
we're dealing with is not a conventional
technology it's not our technology it's
it's something
else
um at some point the preponderance of
evidence is so overwhelming let me give
you an example I
am I spent my life in in
investigations
terrorists spies whatever and um I've
always been uh what I consider just the
fax m' kind of guy very very data driven
I don't really care about Inu windows
and suppositions and your opinion very
much I care about what the data says
right what does it what does the data
suggest and in this case this particular
case you have eyewitness testimony you
have it backed up by gun camera footage
you have it backed up by Fleer footage
you have it backed up by radar
information you've got five six
sometimes seven pieces of cooperating
sensor data that's all reporting the
same event at the same time at the same
place under the same circumstances now
if I was in a court of law and I was
presenting this as evidence we are well
beyond Reasonable Doubt the jury would
have no choice but to convict because
the evidence is so the same collection
sensor Suite that we use to prosecute
and win a war and forgive the vernacular
but literally drop Warheads on foreheads
is the same information the same same
systems we're using to collect the data
on the anomalous
Vehicles were seeing um and
so you know I know it's a very
uncomfortable conversation to have I'm
not saying it's
not what I'm saying is that we have to
deal with this and it's not me just
telling you that this is our government
we know we've already we have laws now
on the books because this topic is now
so serious we have whistleblowers ready
to come out and testify before the
American people because this is so
serious we have set up an organization
specifically it's sole purpose is to
investigate UAP because this topic is so
serious so this is not a you know flight
of fancy here we're we're investing
millions of dollars taxpayer dollars to
try to figure this out and interestingly
enough I think when the investigative
body first came was was realized was was
created there was this hope that in the
first report they said oh there's 143
incidents that remain uh unidentified
but we're going to whittle them away
what happen the next time they had a
report there was now 300 and what
happened after that now 800 the numbers
going up not down that remain unresolved
and so um you know we've we we've got to
have this uncomfortable conversation
with
ourselves you eventually left I did um
your that project but also more broadly
you you resigned uh from working with
the Pentagon in the role that you were
working with them why did you resign I
resign because that's what you do when
you can't fix a problem in internally my
concern was that we were spending time
and
money on an issue that leadership didn't
want to know
about that leadership didn't want to
inform the boss the then Secretary of
Defense General Jim
Mattis um the details about what was
going on and there's reasons for that
and we can certainly get into that if
you want I understand them I don't
necessarily agree with them but I
understand them but at least here in in
our country
when you can't fix a problem you don't
stay and make it worse you leave you
resign and then if you still want to do
something you do it from outside but you
don't create problems inside and um it's
not that uncommon is it because if you
look just a year later after I left
Secretary of Defense himself resigned
right so I resigned in protest but not
out of disloyalty I resigned because of
my loyalty to this country and to this
government and what is that protest Sor
just to be clear the pro is that we
weren't able to get the information and
the help we needed with with this issue
up to the right level of people they
were happy with us doing it but they
said don't tell the boss well wait a
minute the boss needs to know we're
having almost a midair collision with
our fighter pilots we have captains and
Admirals of navy ships asking us what do
we do about these things like there's an
email said hey Lou we can't keep these
guys below deck forever what do you want
me to do they're all over the ship you
know so a decision has to be made what
are we going to do about it and that
decision has to be made by the top guy
the Secretary of Defense and for
whatever reason the upper echelons of
leadership didn't want to tell the boss
and and and we weren't getting on
guidance what to do about it now keeping
in mind these things are coming over our
sensitive military installations as well
and there's potential for these things
to be interfering with our nuclear
equities that's a big deal and nobody
wants to have the conversation now wait
a minute let's let's put this on the
backdrop of of other National Security
issues right like terrorism if you go to
any airport in the United States today
or any train station you always hear
over the announcements if if you see
something suspicious say something
report it well that wasn't the case with
these things in fact people were told
not to report yes if you saw a UFO and
you saw it over a sent of military
installation don't report it because
they'll think you're crazy and that is
dangerous that is a dangerous mindset
because if these things had a Russian
star on the tail or a North Korean tail
number this would be huge but because
these things didn't have a tale at all
and didn't have any obvious signs of
repulsion or whatnot it was cricket
people would know about it it was a
worst kept secret people like yeah we
see them all the time but we don't want
to report it well you have to report it
well there's no reporting mechanism okay
well let's create one well we can't
create one because we need permission to
do it and this person needs to be
briefed up meanwhile you're being told
no you can't you can't you can't you
can't why wouldn't they want to report
this information why wouldn't they want
the public to know why wouldn't they
want the boss to know well I think it's
a stigma taboo well there's several
reasons but I think superficially stigma
taboo no one wants to be known as that
UFO guy or gal I I get it you know
especially if you're a pilot because
historically you'd be taken off flight
status you you know put behind a desk
and you'd fly a desk the rest of your
career because people think you're
mentally unstable could affect your
security clearance I mean there's all
sorts of things that can happen um and
so people were being being reinforced
not to report this information even
civilian Pilots today if you talk to
them they'll tell you quietly yeah you
know we see things in the sky but we're
not going to report anything because I
need a job you know what did you see oh
my what day I mean I videos reports
photographs I mean we have there's
videos that are so compelling in high
definition that there's no question what
you're seeing it's not our technology
it's not our technology and the
capabilities are beyond anything we can
do I mean I can I'm happy to explain
some of those capabilities you like but
but you know when you when you look at
this from a rational
perspective you only come to one outcome
there only one can be the other one is
so remotely possible that the mental
gymnastics to get to that and we can go
into that in a minute it's it's it's
absurd and so um let's go into a little
bit what make these things unique okay
because planes fly and you a in the air
so that doesn't make them unique and you
know things go fast and whatnot so you
have to in intelligence if you want
to filter
out data and and and only focus on
certain data have to create parameters
so we realized early on in the
government that these things had five
parameters five observables that made
them Stand Out away from everything else
and so the first one was instantaneous
acceleration so what is acceleration it
is the change of velocity right it is
the ability to change your velocity very
quickly and as a result as a consequence
there are inertial forces that are
experienced so for us human beings we
express those inertial forces as G
forces so the force of gravity is
pulling on us equally at 9.8 meters per
second per second and that's that's
that's experienced as
1G a human being can withstand up to
nine G's for a very short period of time
before you start having medical
consequences right you have things like
blackouts and red outs and ultimately
death to compare that to let's say
standard technology um one of our most
highly maneuverable aircraft M
maneuverable aircraft let me emphasize
man is an older aircraft it's called the
General Dynamics F16 built by General
Dynamics it's the F-16 um and that at an
unclassified level can pull about 17 G's
before you start having structural
failure meaning Wings snap off right the
plane begins to disintegrate while
you're flying it what we are seeing are
objects that are performing in excesses
of 2,000 and 3,000 G forces okay well
beyond the healthy limitations of
anything biological to withstand and
certainly from A Material Science
perspective
more than more than we have there's an
advanced technology here the second
observable is Hypersonic velocity so
what is Hypersonic hypersonics are those
speeds in excess of mach five or above
what's a mock it's the speed of sound
roughly 760 some miles an hour at sea
level so really fast now do we have
technology that can do hypers sure we do
absolutely we have a one of the best
examples is a locked yf12a SR71
otherwise known as as a blackbird it can
get to about Mach 5 which is really fast
but at that speed if the SR71 wants to
take a right-hand turn takes roughly
half the state of Ohio to execute that
maneuver we are seeing things not doing
Mach 5 we are seeing things doing an
excess of 10,000 13,000 miles an hour
and executing immediate right-hand turns
and even 180s right so that is another
observable that is significantly
above and beyond anything we have
another observable it's a bit of an
oxymoron but it's called Low
observability meaning you'll hear from
the pilots Lou I was there I saw it but
I can't describe it didn't have wings
didn't have Rudder A Tail anything no
rivets nothing uh and then also on the
radar you will get these nonsensical
returns these returns like uh it's
there's some sort of active jamming or
spoofing going on uh with within the
radar system so low observability now do
we have low observable Vehicles sure for
example the B2 bomber and the valkyrie
these are stealth Vehicles well this is
a little more than that because it's
actually also with the human eye very
hard to
discern the fourth observable is
something called trans medium or multi
multim medium travel so that means the
ability to operate in multiple domains
or more specifically multiple
environments now once again do we have
multi-domain Vehicles absolutely a c
plane is a perfect example of a multim
medium vehicle it can fly and it can
float but let's face it a c plane is
neither a really good airplane or a good
boat and why because there are design
compromises that have to be make in
performance and design in order for it
to operate in multiple domains and
that's true with just about every
technology we have the more domains we
want something to operate in the more
sacrifices we have to make that's why a
submarine looks like a submarine because
it's designed to be underwater and a
plane looks like a plane and a rocket
looks like a rocket um these things can
operate in multiple different domains
they can operate in air underwater and
possibly even space but they don't have
that performance and design sacrifice
that we have to do with our technology
so is it like a when you get this job do
you get to see like a folder on a
computer like I'm trying to understand
what access you you you're given these
things I mean you you are you're seeing
the investigations that were done uh
previously by other members of UAP
you're seeing video you're seeing
photographs you're seeing the historical
reports and are these classified oh
absolutely very okay so so the general
public can't see these kinds of things
no and they haven't been published
correct they have not been public made
publicly available they are highly
classified okay so it's videos it's
photos it's various accounts it's
correct you know a lot of people talk
about Area 51 when they talk about UFOs
and such such
MH I think one of the sort of rumors is
that at era 51 they've found and um
retained UFO materials spacecraft Etc
that they've studied to understand the
technology so that they can introduce it
to the US military is there any truth in
that you know the the US government
invests a lot of money in research they
have a lot of Test Facilities where we
want to be able to test things outside
the prying eyes of um of our enemies and
so we we we we create these test ranges
for that purpose we do all sorts of
things at those test ranges um you know
I I cannot comment on on what area 51
might or might not have um I would not
be authorized to to talk about that um
all I can say is what is in the public
domain which people already know that is
a it's a sensitive test facility where
where we we experiment with with things
because there was a a gentleman I think
from that worked near Area 51 that's
talked a little bit about this publicly
Bob Lazar
mhm I actually didn't know anything
about Bob Lazar until about two hours
ago so what is exactly is it that Bob
Lazar is claiming well to be fair you'd
probably have to ask Bob I I don't know
Mr Lazar I've never met him I've never
spoken to him um his claims were that he
worked at a particular facility and he
had access to uh and privy to one of the
recovered vehicles um crash retrievals
uh that was uh allegedly performed by
the United States uh and Acquired and
and brought there um that is what is in
the public domain um I I I cannot and
will not comment on on Bob Lazar because
I don't know him so when you say you
can't comment on something and as it
relates to something that's classified
um is have you had to go through some
process you there's a book in front of
me called imminent which is the book
you've written it says inside the
pentagon's hunt for UFOs what is the
process in when you're writing books
like this to get information cleared so
that you can share it it's like birthing
an elephant right I can only imagine if
I was ever woman and had to had to give
birth um because they probably don't
want you talking about these things
there's a lot of people that don't want
us talking about this um but there's
also a lot that do um so you go through
a process it's called doser in the US
government we love our acronyms it stand
for Department of Defense office of
pre-publication and Security review as a
former Defense official if I want to
write anything it has to go through a
review process to make sure it's not
classified and I can talk about it that
book went through an exhaustive almost
one-year process through the government
before they allowed me to publish it and
even then they redacted portions of it
if you look in there you will see great
out portions because I wanted Americans
to see what some people don't need to
see and so those redactions are there by
the government um and it is it is a very
exhaustive process but it's important
because that's what keeps us Le legal
that's what keeps people like me not
going to jail because you I I go through
the proper procedures I'm I'm not a
leaker I have never leak to classified
information I will never discuss
classified information an unauthorized
disclosure is something that that should
be avoided at all times um I'm like I
said I'm a patriot I'm loyal to my
country I'm not disloyal so there's a
right way and a wrong way to do things
so if you want to write a book uh and
you want to talk about things you're not
sure you can talk about you go through
this doser process and that's exactly
what I did and that's how that book was
able to be published otherwise right now
it would probably be in
jail is there a single most compelling
piece of evidence that you were witness
to as it relates to your belief in UFOs
and uaps they were they were all
significant there wasn't one that said
oh that's it because they were all
compelling in their own way whether you
can go back to the USS nits incident in
2004 or the Roosevelt incidents in 2014
and
2015 there was so much data every time
you think think you had one that was
great another one would come in that was
even better um so I mean you've put one
on the front cover of this book there
right yeah what is this incident on the
front cover of your book that is known
as the gimbal incident that is a video
that was taken by uh fa and uh you can
hear the exacerbation if you listen to
the actual video you can hear the pilots
um trying to discuss what it is and then
you also hear on it the discussion of
there's a whole Fleet of them look at
the Asa
and oh by the way it's going 120 knots
Against the Wind at roughly 20,000 ft so
it's not a balloon and you begin to see
this this this vehicle orientate itself
in a 90 Dee Angle now if this was a
plane like here your wings if you go in
a 90 Dee angle you lose altitude right
because that's how the principles of
lift work that's not the case there I
think this is the video
yep a drone
bro there's a whole Fleet of them look
on the
my
gosh they're all going against the wind
the wind's 12
West
dud that's not our LS though is it
it's
well it's
rotating and that was shot by two US
sort of fighter
pilots there's a lot more of those out
there and a lot clearer too but they're
classified so there's more videos like
this that you've been exposed to oh yeah
but but they won but they won't release
them they will not release them why
because of of sources of methods because
they remain classified because how they
were taken where they were taken under
what circumstances What technological
capabilities were used to collect the
information the US government wants to
keep out of its out of the hands of its
adversaries what our true capabilities
are so let's say you're flying a mission
over a denied area and you don't want
the enemy to know that you're over it
right the last thing you want to do is
release a video where you can look and
say oh we're in this location and now
the enemy knows or we have this
capability or we can see this this good
these are the Technologies we have these
videos here ironically are probably some
of the least compelling videos now
people say oh these are incredible but
these are the ones that were
unclassified that could be released the
other one some of these are so clear the
problem is is how they were taken the
collection capabilities that were used
to take them where they were taken under
what circumstances the metadata in the
video all that is a consider
ation okay and do do the US government
in the Pentagon generally want people to
believe that UFOs U
uaps exist or not I think it's both I
think up until recently nobody wanted to
have this conversation the problem is
the government backed itself up after 70
years of denial into a corner and it it
it has to figure a way out there are
some elements now that want the
conversation to occur and so that's why
you see convers getting engaged why the
creation you have Arrow um but there are
still elements unfortunately in the in
the Pentagon that don't want this
conversation to occur and they will
continue doing what they can to
discredit individuals and and launch
this campaign against them uh one of my
colleagues David grou who was a
decorated uh Air Force officer and a
senior intelligence official the moment
he broke Rank and went public about this
topic within 24 hours uh they released
his medical records trying to discredit
him and they did it illegally
um so there are people there that
definitely don't want this conversation
to occur why well there's a lot of
reasons why um you know back
historically great question let's um can
I unpack that a little bit yeah do you
mind that okay
so let's start really at the hills of
World War II you have These Foo Fighters
that are being observed by Allied Pilots
um these these these luminous balls that
would follow them into combat areas and
then after um particularly as we started
developing the atomic weapons we started
releasing a lot of UFOs over our
controlled military airspace and over
our sent of military installations our
research facilities and so at the time
you have this mindset you have height of
the Cold War United States versus Soviet
Union and by the way they had nukes and
so did we right so you've got a real
Potential Threat over there and then
you've got these other things over here
so as as a general in the Pentagon say
look I know these things are real but
they're not showing any over hostilities
meanwhile we've got this issue over here
this real threat called Soviet Union
let's focus on this threat and then
we'll worry about this other stuff later
the other part of that is the the
mindset of look um it's really
uncomfortable as a government to have a
conversation with its people about a
problem that there's no solution for
right we can see what they do but
there's not a damn thing we can do about
it we we we can't stop what they're
doing so do you really want to have a
conversation with the American people
and admit a problem for which we don't
have a solution for it that governments
are solution focused and that is not a
great spot to be in right and it's by
the way not the first time this has
happened let's look at the U2 for
example spy plane when we first built
that the CIA commissioned it through
locked Martin Skunk Works and we were
flying that vehicle in contravention to
a standing treaty we had with Russia
that we would not fly Rec man
reconnaissance missions over Russia
Mainland Russia we were but we built
this plane to fly so fast so high we
thought they couldn't detect us right
and for a while we thought they couldn't
because we went unchallenged until the
Russians were able to develop the
surface to air missile sa2 missile and
successfully shoot one down and then and
only then did they admit to the world
we've been tracking these things since
day one the reason why they didn't talk
about it is because they didn't have a
means to shoot it down so why admit a
problem for which there's no solution
until you have a solution so that's
another mindset in a pentagon and then
you had several studies done that were
commissioned by the US government in the
past that ask the question if we were to
be honest and truthful about disclosure
about we're not alone in University
things are real what would the
consequences be and these studies came
back unanimously said you can't do it
the American people are not ready to
have this conversation it'll cause civil
Discord and it'll cause it'll upset the
population and people will lose faith in
their religions and the economy May
crash you can't do it and so the
decision was made okay we're not going
to do it in fact we're going to actively
suppress this information we're going to
stigmatize the heck out of it so bad
that no one will ever want to even
mention the word UFO and it was very
successful that that that campaign to
stigmatize this topic was so successful
in fact that even now it's hard to
unwind the tape and have the
conversation and so there in lies part
of the problem why doesn't the
government parts of the government want
to have this conversation then you've
got a legal issue which is probably
probably the biggest issue now
you have elements in the government that
were making unilateral decisions not to
inform Congress and not to inform the
president of the United States right
that's illegal there are oversight
committees that have a designated need
to know on all intelligence matters
especially when it comes to funding
right we're spending billions of dollars
on these projects you've got to inform
Congress certain elements and certain
oversight committees like the Senate
Sate committee on
intelligence they weren't being briefed
to this there's also this fear by some
people on the inside of the government
that oh my gosh I used to work on a
secret UFO program am I going to be in
trouble now because you know I we've
been lying to Congress and so it's a
little more complicated than than
necessarily just saying oh well we want
the truth be honest it's not that easy
to your knowledge has there ever been
recovered um UAP or UFO materials what I
can say what I've been allowed to say
which is yes up until recently I wasn't
even allowed to say that when did that
change when that book got reviewed up
until that point I had signed
documentation from the government saying
I will never discuss that ever what
happens if you did a jail oh yeah that's
why that book I had to go through the
process because what I wrote in that
book I am allowed to talk about I can't
go beyond that but at least I can talk
about that and in the book I talk about
yes that the government is in possession
of material exotic material that doesn't
look like it's made by us has there ever
been anyone sent to jail because they've
spoken about this subject matter worse
worse and that that story has yet to be
told yes there are people who have had
faced uh extreme disciplinary actions
and and and potentially worse the death
penalty I'm not going to elaborate right
now um because there's some things
happening to try to this is why Congress
is working hard for whistleblower
protections because um we want people to
feel safe to come out and have a
conversation and right now they don't
feel overly safe
um they've seen some of the tactics and
techniques that were applied to try to
keep people quiet in the past um let me
say this in general terms people say oh
well the government would never kill
anybody to protect a secret try going to
Area 51 and look at the signs on that
chain link fence where it says lethal
Force
authorized you cross that fence and they
can kill you dead Okay so the government
can under certain extreme cases under
certain extreme situations and
conditions they can do whatever they
need to do to protect National Security
and they
will which department is that because I
cannot go into that conversation
unfortunately because people think of it
as maybe the CIA or something but I I
can't I can't elaborate
unfortunately you know because I I know
very little about American uh
governmental departments and such but
obviously most of the world knows about
the like presidential assassinations and
things like that so and I've spoken to a
few CIA agents and stuff like that on my
podcast before but um I've never really
understood frankly who would who would
be making such an order and how those
things don't leak you know well you
know good question
um look we we we've done it in the past
other situ some pretty recently um you
know let give you case and point and
this is not you know attacking
anybody um we have uh droned use drones
to leth kill people Americans an
American citizen specifically and and
and person's child without due process
in the US not in the US he was a US
citizen oh uh he was suspected of being
a terrorist and there's some other
things there I'm not going to go in
there but um we as American citizens are
are as American citizens we are afforded
something called due process under the
law of Peace um and meaning you get your
day in court no matter what and there
have been Americans where that hasn't
been the case um they didn't get a day
in court um someone made the decision to
uh liquidate them um you know there are
examples of that happening you know
there's another one with with uh
rosenbergs the uh those who were accused
of selling uh the atomic secrets to the
Russians actually giving it to them and
uh if you know a little bit about what
happened with his wife um turns out
that she was innocent what happened to
his wife they hung her hung her and him
for for for Espionage uh but because of
the information that we had at the time
we was so sensitive we'd have to reveal
a capability
so unfortunately uh it looks like maybe
we may have may have done something that
maybe we shouldn't have done um I wasn't
around for that so I can't tell you
definitively what happened um I can only
tell you what what what my understanding
of it is I could absolutely be wrong and
I really hope I am but it turns out that
you know there are ex examples where we
will take drastic measures to protect
National Security so in writing this
book and in talking about the subjects
you understand that there's some people
that don't want you talking about these
subjects oh yeah oh yeah so and you also
understand that punishment for talking
about these subjects can range from jail
or Worse y so are you not scared I
didn't say that I didn't say I wasn't
scared I mean I'm taking huge risks I I
but I've been my life has been been
threatened many times and it's very
concerning for me it's a reason why I
live in Wyoming and I'm heavily armed
and have now six German Shepherds yeah
I'm very cautious and careful but I'm
also understanding I also know the left
and right limits of the law and I'm not
going to break the law under any
circumstances I didn't this book isn't
Elite I'm authorized to talk about that
book because I went through the proper
processes of getting it reviewed whether
they like it or not but yes I am
absolutely worried you know this is why
I'm very careful when I say things
because I don't want to I walk up to the
line I will not step over the line I
will not violate my security oath and
compromise National Security for
disclosure and I don't think I have to I
think the proof is in the pudding the
fact that it's been seven years and
we've come this far in the conversation
and I haven't gone to jail and I'm still
here to have the conversation I think is
indicative of the fact that there is a
right way and a wrong way to do it I
understand people want disclosure they
want it now but I've told people before
there's a difference between doing
things right and doing things right now
they're different and we only get one
chance to do this right and so hopefully
we can have this conversation this
Collective conversation in a way where
we don't have to be disruptive no one
has to be threatened no one has to go to
jail no one has to lose their jobs or
anything like
that you mentioned presidents earlier on
do presidents of the United States know
about UFOs some do some do not
unfortunately there's a mindset by some
people that think that politician Ians
and presidents are temporary hires
they're here today gone in four years so
why brief them up on something
especially if they have no military or
intelligence background it's a risk so
you know what don't brief them which
presidents do you think were aware of
UFOs and this sort of these kinds of
programs sure well we know for sure
there were several you know for sure for
example Carter was but then how' you
know what well because Carter was
briefed I I know somebody who actually
worked with Carter to get information on
this topic I won't say the person's name
the person's still alive so I don't have
permission to talk about that but we
know that for a fact and there's records
of it but there's other presidents like
Bill Clinton who wasn't briefed but
wanted to be briefed right and so um and
again this this this is the Crux of the
problem who's making the decision on
what president gets briefed and what
doesn't that's that's nonsense President
George Bush Senor was briefed when he
was also the director of the CIA so he
was very well aware of this topic but
then there's other presidents that
weren't and so this is again this is
this is highlighting the very problem
that I have who's making the decision to
choose who gets briefed and who doesn't
what about Obama and Trump I'm I can't
answer for them um Obama has uh recently
stated for the record that these UAP are
a national security issue not a threat
but an issue that there's something
there that these are real whatever they
are whatever it is President Trump
recently former president Trump said A
week and a half ago for the record when
asked that he would be willing to
release the UFO files and that he wanted
to do it in the past but he faced Fierce
resistance now think about that
statement for a minute who the hell is
giving him resistance to releasing UFO
files when you're the President right
that is that is a very significant
statement that is what needs to be fixed
if the president himself can't get or
herself can't get a briefing who in the
hell has the authority to make that
decision nobody what is that Fierce
resistance that Trump's talking about I
don't know you'd have to ask Trump what
do you think it
is uh I think there is a huge amount of
influence by the military-industrial
complex and they they it it is an
enormous business always has been
um it's it's it's it's huge it is
probably the world's largest business
globally and why wouldn't the military
industrial complex want those files to
be released well because they have to
admit that they part of the part of the
programs some of these folks you know
have had been a lot of their successes
is being able to work super secret
programs for the US government and maybe
there's technology that they don't want
release maybe there's capabilities that
we have that we don't want to tell our
adversaries and there's a lot of reasons
for it which are understand some of them
are actually legitimate I can understand
I don't agree with but I can understand
how much do you think the average person
on the street knows about what goes on
in the Pentagon and behind the scenes of
the government brother it's forget the
government in Pentagon how many parents
they can tell you who's a quarterback of
their favorite football team and it can
tell you their stats but how many
parents know who their kid sit sits next
to during lunch or in second period math
class it government is I mean that's
basic facts man we as humans most of us
we suck we don't know anything and we're
so used to being force fed information
by whatever Outlet dour we want to tune
into you know if I'm a Liber I'll watch
this if I'm a conservative I'll watch
that I I'll I'll go straight to my echo
chamber and you know just hear what I
want to hear and have people tell me not
only information that I that they think
I need to know but even my opinion of
what what it should be about this is a
much much bigger issue than just UFOs
and
UAP we as as as people have become
extremely lazy and we we no longer are
willing to ask the hard questions we're
not
you were part of one program but you
also referenced a second program called
The Legacy program what is the Legacy
program it is the traditional L held
effort by the US government to study UAP
people think atip was the only program
in ASAP before that there was there was
Blue Book and before that the Legacy
program is the collaborative effort of
individuals over the course of several
decades that I've been looking into this
topic for the US government and by the
US government
and okay just doing similar things to
what ATP did yes and and more robust and
much more well
funded I wonder why they don't fund it
as well these
days uh there's a reason for that too
that I I I I I would need permission to
talk
about um there were some distractions in
the early 2000s that lifted and shifted
resources away from from efforts to
something else um
you know probably could figure out what
those what that was but um there was an
enormous resource drain and
refocusing um in the early 2000s to
focus on something else and
so I I heard you talk as well about this
sort of different types of aliens per se
because when we think of aliens we we
reflect on movies that we've seen and
they have like the big heads and things
like that and maybe they're like like
white tall skinny with like the big arms
and the big leg leg and stuff like that
is that what people in the Pentagon
consider aliens to be what we see in
movies uh I I can't speak on behalf of
other people I can only speak on behalf
of me um I've been very very careful not
to to stereotype anybody or anything I
think it's important we have to keep an
open mind because when you say the word
aliens you automatically presuming that
these things are from outer space m they
might not be there's lots of different
options it doesn't have to be from outer
space what do you believe do you believe
they're amongst us well
let's can I can I explore this with you
this question okay so it's it's not a
either
or so in the beginning of our
conversation I told you I went to the
University of Miami and I studied
microbiology immunology and the study of
parasites now if you go to some
anthropologists they will suggest to you
that modern human beings homo sapien
sapien has been around roughly between
100 to possibly 200,000 years so on a
24-hour clock right it it's only the
last 2,000 years and it was the Greeks
that proposed there were two fundamental
life forms on this planet and you were
either a plant or you were an animal and
human beings were an
animal and so the 24-hour clock you're
prob talk maybe I don't know 10 minutes
ago before midnight well it was 300
years ago during the Renaissance or the
days of
Enlightenment uh that we discovered an
entire new life form on this planet
that's been here all along and that that
was that was neither plant nor animal it
was the world of fungus and we Pat
ourselves on the shoulder and say hey we
found a new life
form in this 24-hour clock it's been
probably the last maybe 10 seconds last
120 years
only that we discovered for the first
time the true dominant Alpha life form
on this planet and in fact if you take
all the biomass of every plant and all
the biomass of every animal and all the
biomass of every fungus and added it all
up to together it still will not equal
the biomass of this hidden yet dominant
life form that's been on this planet all
along and it wasn't until we could have
the technology to curve glass and look
through a little tube and famously shout
the words little beasties little
beasties did we discover the world of
microorganisms okay the true dominant
life form on this planet that's been
here all along in fact it's inside of us
it makes us up it's pervasive everywhere
and we just discovered it so when I say
to people you know my people oh you
think from outer space they can be from
outer space Inner Space or frankly the
space in between these things could be
just as natural to our environment as we
are maybe we're at the point now where
technologically we can start interacting
maybe they're from under the ocean look
less than 10% of the ocean floor has
been mapped we know more about the
surface of the Moon than we do of our
own oceans is it possible these things
are just as natural to this planet as we
are possibly or is it possible these
things are from somewhere else yes
that's possible too so we have to keep
all options on the table until they're
no longer on the table we live in an
infinitely infinitely complex
Universe see if I can and I've I've
often used this before to try to help
people wrap their heads around around
this we perceive life through five
fundamental five fundamental senses and
if we can't touch it taste it hear it
smell it Etc we can't interact with it
we have no idea it's there where I live
out in Wyoming we have these beautiful
night skies unoccluded night skies and
you can see all the heavens beautiful
Milky Way in front of you if you were to
look through that at that same night sky
through a radio telescope you would see
something different you would see nebula
you would see things that you can't
normally perceive and the ultraviolet
and infrared spectrums an x-ray right
it's there you just can't perceive it
it's just like if you had cell phone
Vision all of a sudden now you can see
in Wi-Fi and 5G you would see an
entirely different reality around you so
we perceive light we perceive life
through a very narrow spectrum of
visible light the inv visible light
spectrum when reality is most everything
else kind of Lies beyond that and then
you have a scale issue you have a
scalability issue what do I mean by
scalability We Are a Human Being you and
I are having a lovely conversation here
somewhere in some someplace uh on this
planet uh revolving around an obscure
star in an obscure part of the Milky Way
galaxy amongst a super cluster of other
galaxies the visible Horizon from any
direction we look at of light the size
of the universe has been estimated to be
between 13.6 to 13.9 billion Lighty
years B billion what is a lightyear a
lightyear is the distance that a photon
of light can travel in the course of a
year and how fast is that well light
travels at roughly 186,000 m per second
or seven and a half times around our
planet in 1 second right really fast
imagine how far that goes in a year and
now imagine how far that goes 13.9
billion years right so we're in the
middle of the universe here our
Universal Horizon in any direction is
13.9 billion light years and in that
direction another 13.9 so roughly 27
billion light years across and we're in
the middle now scientists are estimating
that's that's less than 10% of the
actual size of the universe the universe
is actually much much bigger than that
this is just the univer Universal
Horizon because the expansion of the
universe light this far will never reach
Earth so now you're talking about a size
100 billion Lighty years and as small as
we are right in the middle this
infinitesimally small spec keep in mind
in our visible Universe alone visible
there are more stars than there are
grains of sand in all the beaches in all
the world think about that
incomprehensible number and as small as
we are now human me with this take one
atom one hydrogen atom avagadro is
number 1 * 10 23 okay that's roughly the
same order of
magnitude as we are to the
universe so we have this entire huge
Universe outside and this entire little
Universe inside every single human being
and we as a human beings can only
interact with one or two orders of
magnitude up or down otherwise the
universe is simply too big or too small
small we just will never be able to know
and that is reality that's where most of
everything lies that's where most of
reality is see they up there or inside
or everything in
between so I guess my point is every
time when people say well you know
aliens what does that mean what does
that mean because most people say aliens
and Hollywood and little Eggheads
running around there's so much more to
it it doesn't this is this is us
imposing
a Hollywood idea of what an alien should
look like and by the way let's not
forget they're anthropomorphic values
right they they look like us they have
arms like us and heads like us and eyes
like us um because we view everything
through anthropomorphic eyes it's the
reason why we we call our dogs human
names and we treat them like humans
because we treat everything as if they
have human values human motivation human
intent when we may be dealing with
something completely different this
could be like artificial intelligence
it's just binary input in input out
we don't know and so these are some of
the questions we have to you know really
as we moving down this this pathway this
is why I always tell people look all
options have to be on the table until
they're no longer on the table because
we simply don't know we also don't know
what their intentions are and why they
might be here that's right why they
might be visiting here that's right do
you have a any theories as to what their
intentions might be brother there's a
whole range of theories I mean it could
be simply as like when we're on the
African serengetti and we see the wilder
beast and we're in a helicopter and you
know not to make fun of it but you sit
there and say oh that one we Dart it
boom what do we do we land the
helicopter we come out we draw blood we
do test we want to see its diet and its
migratory patterns its health and then
what happens the wilderbeast wakes up
kind of groggy disoriented stumbles over
to the watering hole he's like hey Bill
you're not going to believe this man
this thing came out of the sky all some
weird stuff happened I was being touched
I woke up and now my butt hurts right it
could be something as simple as that do
you believe any of those reports cuz
people do say that they were abducted by
well this is my point right so so that's
that's one option the other option could
be simply to monitor us um it could be
that we are getting very close to being
able to replicate what they can do um
and if that's the case you know maybe
technologically we're only 100 200 years
behind and if that's the case now all of
a sudden we're going to be new neighbors
right and that could be problematic
because our species very violent we do a
lot of bad things to each other are we
really ready to go out and meet our
potential friends from out of town
I don't know I mean we're pretty
horrible to each other so maybe not
certainly if I was them and we were I
knew we were getting close I would
probably be pretty interested in what
we're doing too um as far as the
abductions you know I don't know what to
tell you because I've never been
abducted um I've had some some people
that swear by it but you know you can't
have a conversation about abduction and
then say oh they're here for peaceful
reasons doesn't work that way do you
believe them the people that swear by it
I believe that I believe that they are
being truthful that they that experience
they feel is real I don't think they're
lying um but the question is you know
did it happen is the question yeah and I
I and I I can't say because I wasn't
there but I can tell you that we
definitely have people that have had
experiences where they are now on US
Government full medical disability in
writing because they got too close to a
UAP now was it deliberate that they got
injured or was it just a a byproduct of
the technology they got too close to it
what does that mean they got too close
to it and you mentioned that there's
some people that are on us disability
allowance so they're being paid by the
US government and writing because they
they had a UAP they were they were
involved in a UAP encounter and what
does that mean UAP encounter in that
definition well so let's look at it this
way um n here's a better one you go to
the airport right and I'm going to hop
on a 737 and go fly to Fort Lauderdale
there's no real threat there I'm getting
on a plane it's safe sit on the seat
have a cocktail you know watch a movie
read a magazine now if I were to walk
out out onto the tarmac onto the runway
that same where that same airplane is
and that airplane decides to spool up
its jet engine chances are I'm going to
be injured I'm going to get burned I'm
going to lose my hearing and possibly a
lot worse
right there are individuals US
Government servicemen and women and
there's also intelligence officials who
have been injured by getting too close
to a UAP whether incidentally or or it
was deliberate or not the question is
was it injury sustained because it was
deliberate or was that injury sustained
because it was just a matter of being
too close to the technology for example
it's like putting your head near a
microwave oven when it's on it's
probably not very good for you right and
have those people spoken out
absolutely what's like a good example um
there's an individual right now named
John burough who uh who had his medical
files um classified in the US government
thankfully because of Senator late
Senator John McCain from Arizona forced
the Air Force to release his files and
as a result he was able to get full
medical disability because of an
incident that involved uh him and
another individual in the UK uh known as
randam Forest incident or bentwaters
incident where there was a US joint us
uh and UK base and there was a UFO
incident where this thing had landed in
the in the forest and they went out to
go see this thing and they were injured
and they were in the military at the
time M yeah Air Force Special police or
police
officers they were injured they were
injured and that's not all there's a lot
of people that have been injured right
now that are under Medical Care by
government doctors that is a
fact when they give their account of
what happened what do they say it
depends who you ask I mean there's some
consistency without within some of the
stories and then there's some Divergence
you know it's like somebody who said say
they've been in a car accident depending
what kind of car you're in and was it a
multiple car pileup and where were you
sitting in the car you're going to have
a slightly different experience so it's
not one shoe fits all you talk about how
they there's been a lot of UAP sightings
at nuclear technology facilities yes
that is and that is why this is a
national security issue because they
seem to be able to disable our nuclear
capabilities now people say oh oh that's
like you know taking matches out of a
kid's hands and it's you know well maybe
but in Russia there's information to
suggest they actually turned them on so
you know we have to be really careful
with that our nuclear Triad capability
is really the crown jewels of the US
government and so if a country or an
adversary has the ability to interfere
with a nuclear response that's
significant there's evidence to suggest
that they turned on the nuclear
facilities in Russia yes what is that
evidence when was that there's there's
evidence that there's actually a KGB
report um that suggested that the uh one
of their their places was actually
turned on in fact there's a lot let me
careful what I say here um so after the
Berlin Wall fell there was this brief
honeymoon period between the Soviet
Union and the US where X KGB officers
were sharing information with us and our
government um I think that's about all I
could probably say about that but there
was some very interesting um information
that we were able to to see
I was reading about this really
interesting incident called the coloris
incident colaris in Brazil I can I can't
pronounce that say that he did agre
Karis
Polaris which was in 1977 to
1978 um and it sounded like a UAP
incident that was witnessed by hundreds
thousands of people it was investigated
officially by the Brazilian military
under the command and control of a
four-star general named General Ooa
uh and um he has explained before he
passed away that even his own military
personnel had been been
attacked by by UAP and what did they see
what was the what did they document see
oh my goodness a whole Litany of things
a lot of the locals uh recall being
terrified by these things being pursued
by them almost being like like a laser
blast if you can imagine that or
directed energy type
injury um very provocative um some of
the military personnel were injured as
well a lot of medical doctors came in
afterwards to look at the locals and the
military
personnel VA validating the presumption
that there was some sort of directed
energy type damage tissue damage U to
some of these people um and of course
then the fear kind of escalated into
some of the other you know local lore of
some other things um but it was very
well established by the Brazilian
military who also witnessed these
encounters so it's not like just some
people in a remote Village um these were
Brazilian Military Officers who also
vouched for and I I spoken to dozens and
dozens of Military Officers all
throughout Latin America and in Chile
and Peru and urai and you know they all
reporting in some cases some very very
similar encounters not necessarily with
kadus but inant amongst themselves
people who don't even know each other
separated by different countries are
telling me their same encounter and and
the same morphology of craft and how
they would in some cases even try to
engage in a dog fight and use cannons
conventional guns um to no avail of
course um and there's reports of that in
Tyron incident I believe it's 1978 the
Tyron incident with an F-14 Tom Cat uh
where the pilot um his aircraft was
disabled every time he tried to engage a
Target and then you know I superimpose
that with here in Huntsville Alabama we
had some helicopters uh that we were
testing and uh something like eight out
of the eight test pilots all reported
UAP U coming around their their their
helicopters while they were testing them
and one even reported that uh he
believed his his um his helicopter was
disabled and he went into an emergency
uh situation I think it was an emergency
auto rotation situation and as soon as
the UAP left uh he was able to regain
control of his helicopter should we be
worried about this no I don't think
worried I think we should be concerned
because look from a from a governmental
perspective to determine this is why I
always say this is a national security
issue but not a naal national security
threat and and there's a reason why
so there's a very simple calculus to
determine if something is a threat it's
capabilities versus intent we have seen
some of the capabilities we have no idea
the intent no clue so we don't know if
it's if it's a threat and let me give
you a little analogy here that might
help kind of put this I I I use analogy
a lot to help illustrate what do I mean
um I'm sure you live in a lovely home
let me ask you the question do you lock
your front door before you go to bed yes
okay and you know what I do too and I
think most people we don't expect
anything bad to happen but just out of
precaution right and some folks may go
the extra mile and decide you know I'm
going to just make sure the windows are
locked once in a while and you know what
I might even turn the alarm on at night
because I can let's say you wake up one
Sunday morning to have yourself a nice
hot cup of tea or coffee and you walk
downstairs and all of a sudden as you
come downstairs one Bright Morning you
notice size 12 muddy bootprints on your
living room carpet that were not there
the night before now no one's been hurt
nothing's out of place but despite you
locking the front door and checking the
windows and turning on the alarm there
are now bootprints in your living room
floor that were not there the night
before my question to you is is that a
threat my response is it could be if it
wanted to be so we should probably
figure out how it's getting into the
house this is kind of the same analogy
of these things that can come in
unimpeded unchallenged into controlled
us airspace oversensitive military
installations potentially interfere with
our nuclear equities and
capabilities we should probably figure
out what these things
are with everything that you know in
mind and everything you've witnessed and
seen if you had to argue against
yourself if you had to argue the case
against everything that you believe to
make the case that uaps don't exist what
exactly would you say well you can't say
they don't exist we've already we're
Beyond it they're real whatever they are
but I could make the argument that it's
foreign adversarial technology it's
Russia it's China right uh they have
leap frogged us technologically and have
been able to execute this this plan
wonderfully uh and then the other option
is that it's all a grand hallucination
so let's go down each
argument let's go down the fact that
maybe this is I don't know Chinese
technology Russian technology after all
the Chinese did send balloons over our
Northern continental United States spy
balloons and you know for who knows how
long and we never did anything about it
and tracked it um that means that for
the last 70
years some country has been able to
create a technology in secret that's so
far advance of anything we have and by
the way deploy it over the continental
United States for 70 years completely
non-attributed now where were we 70
years ago well we on the heels of World
War II we had just broken the sound
barrier
and we hadn't made it into space yet
where was China in the middle of a
famine where was Russia no better than
we were so if this was Chinese
technology or Russian technology back
then because we had the data to show it
goes all the way back this would be the
greatest intelligence failure this
country has ever faced eclipsing that of
even 911 because despite the billions of
dollars in the 17 intelligence
organizations over 70 years there's not
a trace that these countries were able
to develop this and and and fly over our
country and do what what we're seeing so
that's option
one also temporally
speaking that type of Technology didn't
exist back in 1950 1948 we not not by us
anyway so that would be like going into
King tutt's tomb for the very first time
in the 1920s and looking in there and
all of a sudden discovering a fully
assembled and functioning
747 doesn't make sense Egyptians didn't
have the technology back then right so
let's go to the other option so that's
that's that would be the huge biggest
intelligence failure that this country's
ever experienced and that's not a good
option and very very unlikely so the
other option is this is you know what
it's a mass hallucination everybody's
crazy so let's go down that rabbit hole
for a second so some of the best and
brightest in our intelligence community
and our Department of Defense our Top
Gun trained pilots who are who are
trusted to fly live munition
over cities populated cities fight and
win Wars on our behalf men and women who
have their finger literally on the
nuclear button they're all crazy they're
all absolutely certifiably
insane we've got a bigger problem on our
hands in
UAP what percentage of them have made
reports of
UAP um you know it's hard to say
percentage because you don't know
because the ones that don't report
there's no way to measure right you only
know the ones that do report so there's
no way now we can tell you that people
more more are reporting because they
feel that it's safe that they can report
but we don't have any metric right now
that tells us who's not reporting
because they're not reporting when you
when we think about this hallucination
rationale um I remember many years ago
you know I think it was in relation to
uh physical hallucinations I remember
ghosts and things like that yeah it was
relation to ghosts someone said to me
they said if really extremely improbable
things never happened then that would be
a miracle because just like the nature
of probability means that most sort of
predictable things happen most of the
time and then as you get down
probability there's this one side of it
which is high probable curve yeah
exactly so like the the Bell shape curve
this side of it is extremely improbable
things you know I uh what's extremely
improbable example we start talking
about Andrew hubman and then my phone
rings in it's Andrew hubman and we go oh
my God what are the odds of that being
Andrew hubman we were just talking about
him and the issue there is we've spoken
about many people and the phone never
rang but on the one time it does we go
we connect the dots in hindsight and we
go that is a miracle and we attribute
meaning to that is it not possible that
you know if there's thousands and
thousands of these sightings there's
also billions of non-
sightings so on that bell curve of
probability there's this is these are
just the the unexplainable highly
improbable
thousand incidents of you know maybe
there was something on the camera maybe
there was something fall lightning uh
atmospheric anomaly but the problem is
you we're going back to the to the the
idea that there are multiple sensor
systems collecting the same information
at the same time under the same
circumstances right this isn't just one
person like your call oh my gosh out to
believe the guy calls you've got
multiple platforms reporting the
information at the same time
simultaneously right so it's not just oh
well I saw atmospheric aberration the
Radar's picking it up the gun camera is
picking it up the fleer's picking it up
and another radar system is picking up
and another radar and by the way other
capabilities which I can't discuss here
are also picking it up so it's a real
thing now could it
be uh Russian rocket on re-entry that
happened
to use up all its hydrazine and now the
booster rock is burning up yeah but then
you don't have these 90 degree turns you
don't have 180 Dee turns you don't have
something coming in sitting at 80,000 F
feet then dropping up right above the
surface of the water hovering 50 fet
then popping right back up again that
you can measure it's quantifiable and
qualifiable data is is that you
referring to the what they call the Tic
Tac incident is that is that what that
is as well that so the Tic Tac incident
is that's not the video from the Tic Tac
but yeah the Tic Tac incident or these
objects that were
detected at one point one of the The
Operators said it was raining UFOs so
the spywi radar can can detect a a
baseball siiz object at 880,000 fet okay
so very very capable you had E2 Hawkeye
what's that it's a Air Platform it's an
aircraft it's a flying radar system uh
that we use to provide combat support
air support and and combat control for
aircraft so you have the AIS class uh
Destroyer it's basically like a um sh t
t Roa class I think you have the the USS
Princeton with the Spy one radar one of
the world's most pre Premier at the time
s radar systems on the planet you have
the E2 Hawkeye also picking it up on
radar then you have the aircraft that
can pick it up on radar then you have
the eyewitnesses picking up a rer then
you have the also the footage the flare
footage picking these things up as well
electrooptically so you're talking about
something that is at 880,000 feet then
within a blink of an eye has the ability
to drop down to 50 feet and then go
right back up again instantly um and
it's all being verified by various
different sensor systems now in this
particular case I'm convoluting a little
bit because the Pilot's incident
confirmed the Tic Tac but they didn't
see a dropping out of 80,000 ft I'm so
I'm kind of putting it all together to
make it a little easier for people to
consume but the the P Tac incident
wasn't really an incident it was
incidents over over a pro protracted
period of time in in the early November
time frame so it wasn't just one
incident there are multiple incidents
but it's referred to as the Tic Tac
incident because the pilots actually
reported seeing this white flying what's
been described as a lozenge what's been
described historically as a white flying
Bank tank in this particular case it was
described as a white flying Tic Tac like
the breath M Tic Tac and they saw they
saw it go up down on Radars and systems
like that oh yeah yeah they saw up down
on radar systems and then the pilots
actually saw it zip away and bang
disappear over the horizon only later on
uh within a few moments to be picked up
on radar again 60 miles away at their C
point where they're supposed to rendevu
next um so you're talking incredible
speeds incredible accelerate Hypersonic
velocity instantaneous acceleration low
observability all the anti-gravity all
the the
observables and that's just one that's
just one that's publicly known there's a
lot more of these things that have been
been happening how long were you with
this uh working on that project at the
Pentagon a a tip uh eight years eight
years I'm an old guy this is gray not
blonde let's talk about our sponsor weop
quickly we're now on the the home
stretch of sober October uh and this is
where I would normally share my key
takeaways but as I haven't been drinking
for over a year now I thought you might
prefer to hear from a listener who's
given up alcohol for the first time
through this whoop sober October
challenge earlier this week Charlie from
Manchester sent me this message the last
few weeks have been so transformative
while I haven't given up drinking for
good whoop sober October challenge has
shown me just how much my body needs
time away from drinking especially
during periods when I really need to
perform I've slept better and I've felt
more mental ity and control each day
sober October is almost over but your
chance to learn more about your body is
not if you're not yet a woop member go
to join. woop.com CEO to start your free
trial today quick one I want to tell you
about a new health product/ Gadget
that's had a big impact on my life but
also my partner's life they are a
sponsor of this podcast and me and my
partner are both quite obsessed with it
now it is the Bon charge infrared SAA
blanket have you ever heard of an
infrared sauna blanket before infrared
sauna blankets are designed to give you
the exact same benefits of infrared
saers that you find at gyms and spas and
health clubs but they're portable you
can use them at home you can use them
when you travel and anywhere in between
it heats the body directly rather than
the air around you and for me when I use
the bond charge infrared SAA blanket
before I sleep my sleep scores go up I'm
better recovered the next day when I go
to the gym because it helps with
circulation and stiffness and muscle
soreness but also infrared is associated
with really improving your skin they are
a sponsor of this podcast and because of
that they've offered all of you
listeners a 25 5% discount when you try
Bond charges infrared SAA blankets today
to get that discount use the code diary
checkout and you'll also get free
shipping and a year-long warranty head
to bonch charge.com diary and get
started on your in Fred SAA Journey
today what was like what's like a day in
the life of someone working in a project
that deals with UFOs at the Pentagon
like you come in in the morning you get
your
coffee I had the two worst portfolios
anybody could ever ask for at the
Pentagon um
I was I it was I was like a pariah I had
the two most unpopular portfolios I was
on one hand I was working the UAP issue
UFO issue on the other hand I was also
working uh guantan bay issues
um very politically charged very
untenable situation uh but that was my
job so I had both those portfolios and
so every day was um
it was like riding a tiger to work and
every day that tiger just wanted to rip
you off and Shred you into pieces and
you just had to hold on for dear life
yeah it was um it was stressful in
2014 uh I was informed that I was put on
the Isis Al-Qaeda kill list for uh my
work at UH involving guantan Mo Bay um
and of course uh we had the UAP issue it
was it was uncomfortable it was
uncomfortable times it was it was
uncomfortable time for for for me um
professionally I I wouldn't have wished
it on any anybody did you enjoy it I
enjoyed the people I enjoyed the the the
the mission and and doing what I thought
and what I think is right for our
nation um but no I mean if if there was
an easier job I could have had I
probably would have done it but most of
my jobs I tended to be handpicked to do
the jobs I had done I guess someone
somewhere thought I was doing a good job
with other stuff and they they kind of
always would bump me a new stuff um how
does your work with UFOs and your belief
in these other I was going to say life
forms but just these other forms of I
don't know activity that we can't
explain because I hesitate on the word
life forms because again yeah and let me
say it's not a belief in life it's I
belief in possibilities okay right I
don't know I can't tell you
definitively that oh I I believe in you
know life and then looks like this and
other parts of the G I don't know I
don't know that I haven't been to space
I couldn't tell you but we have to
remain open to the possibilities and
look at the data allow the data to speak
for itself and then draw conclusions
based upon the data did this
understanding make your life more
fulfilling or feel more insignificant
because I sometimes think of when I
spend time watching space movies and
documentaries and I see them flying I
know to Mars and then through these
black holes and stuff it reminds me how
big and vast the universe really is and
all of that then makes me feel a few
things two things in at the same time
one of them is like totally
insignificant in the grand scheme of
what's out there and the Technologies
you've described and the way you've
described them in part makes me feel
quite insignificant because I'm like I'm
just this tiny little grain of sand in
this NeverEnding Beach and I really
don't matter in the grand scheme of this
and then the second thing which is a
positive consequence of that feeling is
it kind of alleviates your anxiety I
guess like nothing really matters
nothing there's nothing to worry about
that is very insightful can I can I ask
you a favor mm so you have the little
iPad in front of you typing in the words
pale blue dot under Google images and I
want you to tell me what you
see okay I'll type in pale blue dot do
you know what that is take a look at
that blow it up zoom in what do you
see it's a tiny little dot of light um
tiny little there's this massive I mean
it looks like kind of like the night sky
almost and there's this tiny little dot
of light you know what that is what is
that that's the planet you live on
that's earth oh that's Earth okay every
memory every piece of history occurred
on that tiny little insignificant ball
hurdling through the vastness and vacuum
of space and that ray of light is
actually from the Sun and that was taken
by one of our probes as it was heading
out towards the solar system and it was
told to turn back and take a picture
that's our home how does that picture
make you
feel totally
insignificant irrelevant um like I just
don't matter but how but how about this
yes it will make you feel insignificant
but you know else it can do make you
realize just how special we really
are that little blue dot The Little
Engine That Could that's where we live
that's our home
and that is real and that is
special so to answer your question how
does it make me feel you can feel
insignificant and still feel special at
the same
time and that's why I wanted you to see
that picture because you're illustrating
for me exactly the question you're
asking me and so in order to rather than
just give you an answer I wanted you to
experience my answer and that is my
answer what do your kids think of uh
what what you do these
days I don't know what I do my children
are the greatest accomplishment in my
life there'll be nothing in my life that
will ever come close to the achievement
of being a father period full stop so
there's nothing I will ever do that will
come close to that so it doesn't really
matter uh what I do else in life because
that's the most important now what do
they think about what I do you probably
have to ask them do they believe in UAP
it's not believe they they believe in
data I never told them to believe in UAP
but do they believe that there we are
alone in the universe
Ah that's a different question um let's
well you'd have to ask them for that but
but let me let's let's break that down
again because it's important we we we
love going into these binary things
either or
okay does life exist in the universe yes
this is living proof this planet okay in
fact life is Abundant Life is everywhere
on this planet even the place that we
think could never possibly exist it is
there and it
thrives um my my daughters are very
open-minded but they're also inde
dependent thinkers I taught them don't
be like Mom and Dad if you don't want to
be like Mom and Dad if we do something
stupid don't do it you learn the lesson
um so we've never prescribed our
children what to think or what to
believe ever it's been up to them um
they are incredibly intelligent uh they
both have very successful careers uh and
they think on their own and what they
think is sacred and I don't ever want to
interfere with that and I've always told
him you don't not asking you to believe
anything do you believe we're learning
the universe we are absolutely not alone
in the
universe we just better hope the other
life is kind I guess ah see but there we
go again is me too but but what is kind
let's just hope they don't hurt us Ah
that's different you're right let's hope
they don't eradicate us right let's hope
they're they're they're not malevolent I
would agree with that let's hope they're
not uh you know here for their own
interests and not ours why did did you
call the book
iminent open the open the first
page and there uh when you get to the
first written actual words it's before
the forward it's what's it say says you
may be wondering why I titled this book
imminent the word itself sometimes is
associated with another word threat
although at first glance it may appear
that this book focuses on the Potential
Threat of unidentified anomalous
phenomena UAP or UFOs in the vernacular
that is not my intent According to some
of the common definitions of the word
imminent it usually means something is
about to happen or impending or
inevitable this is precisely why I chose
the this
title The Invasion is an imminent not
that's kind of what I'm trying to check
I know I know but that's not my intent
we have a closing tradition on this
podcast where the last guest leaves a
question for the next guest not knowing
who they're going to be leaving it
for and the question that's been left
for you is what is something you were
once deeply afraid
of that now you are no longer afraid
of
fear fear I'm not afraid of it
anymore I used to be afraid of
everything freid of of combat afraid of
death afraid of War afraid of Health
Care issues afraid of other people not
for me but for other
people it's a little bit liberating to
not be
afraid it's like the old saying the only
thing we have to fear is fear itself
right um I mean clearly I'm still
concerned there's concern but actual
fear man I'm over 50 years old brother
there's nothing anybody can do to me
that at this point I've lived a full
life and I've had more than my fair
share whatever dude you know if I spend
the rest of my
life it doesn't matter because I've
lived such an incredible life and I've
have an incredible family so doesn't
really
matter Lou thank you thank you for your
time and thank you for writing a book
which gives us a very very rare view
into what happens inside the Pentagon as
it relates to the subject of UAP UFOs um
it's called inside the pentagon's hunt
UFO is imminent and I highly recommend
anybody that's interested in these
subjects to read this book I'll link it
in the description below because it's
fascinating you know I I'm certainly
someone that believes we're not alone in
the universe I have no idea what that
means or what that looks like and I
think to really have a strong view
either way um to think that we're not
alone or to think that you can perfectly
articulate who is here with us is
probably some form of naivity and
ignorance and probably you know well
they're one and the same right the True
Believers and the true Skeptics they're
just on opposite ends of the spectrum
because no matter what information you
give them they're never going to change
their narrative so I I think you're
right and I think generally I think a
better position to take on all these
subjects is to remain open-minded and
that's why I was Keen to have this
convers ation because I'm just I like to
remain open-minded to information and um
there's so many times in history that we
thought we had it figured out and we
didn't so to think we have it figured
out now is is is stupidity frankly so
exactly Lou thank you my honor and
privilege thank you thank you thank
you isn't this cool every single
conversation I have here on the D CE at
the very end of it you'll know I asked
the guest to leave a question in the
Diary of a CEO and what we've done is
we've turned every single question
written in the Diary of a CEO into these
conversation cards that you can play at
home so you've got every guest we've
ever had their question and on the back
of it if you scan that QR code you get
to watch the person who answered that
question we're finally revealing all of
the questions and the people that
answered the question the brand new
version two updated conversation cards
are out right now at Theon conversation
cards.com theyve sold out twice
instantaneously so if you are interested
in getting hold of some limited edition
conversation cards I really really
recommend acting quickly
[Music]
oh